describe fairness and how that relates to priorities (#1825)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-priority.md

# Fairness {#fairness}

> Typically, HTTP stacks depend on the underlying transport to maintain fairness

Reviewer: Not a huge fan of "stack" here. Could we use implementation, application, or something different?

Author: :+1: Went with "implementation."

fairness between connections competing for bandwidth. When HTTP requests are
forwarded through intermediaries, progress made by each connection originating

> from end clients can become different over time, depending on how intermediaries

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
from user agents can become different over time, depending on how intermediaries
```

Reviewer: When talking about intermediaries, I prefer the term end clients

coalesce or split requests into backend connections. This unfairness can expand
if priority signals are used. {{coalescing}} and {{h1-backends}} discuss

> mitigations against this expansion of unfairness.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
mitigations against this amplification of unfairness.
```

Reviewer: using expansion is consistent with the previous sentence

* Forwarded {{?FORWARDED=RFC7239}}, X-Forwarded-For
* Via (see {{Section 7.6.3 of HTTP}})

## HTTP/1.x Back Ends {#h1-backends}

> It is common for CDN infrastructure to support different HTTP versions on the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is common for CDN infrastructures to support different HTTP versions on the
```

Reviewer: the current text ok

> that information can be scoped to individual end clients. Authentication and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that information can be scoped to individual user agents. Authentication and
```
